---
title: Amaresh Page
subtitle: Choose a reporting mechanism
background_style: style5
menus:
  main:
    title: Generic
    weight: 2
layout: page
---
### Reading the test results will be difficult if we don’t have a good reporting mechanism. We need to convert test results into insights that can produce immediately corrective actions. Let’s say when you receive a test failure, how do you investigate the failed test quickly to determine whether it’s an AUT bug, an intentional functional change on the AUT, or the automation’s mistakes?

### 

### There are a lot of options available out there for logging your automated tests. Reporting that is provided by testing frameworks such as Junit, TestNG are often generated in XML format, which can easily be consumed by other software like CI/CD servers (Jenkins) but it’s not human-readable.

- - -

#### Third party libraries such as ExtentReport or Allure can create test result reports which are readable for humans. They also include pie charts and screenshots. There are some other open source reporting libraries such as ReportNG for Java – a simple HTML reporting plug-in for the TestNG unit-testing framework. ReportNG provides a simple, color-coded view of the test results. Additionally, setting up ReportNG is very easy.

#### A good report should provide the detailed information such as: the amount passed/failed test cases, pass rate, the execution time and the reason why test cases failed. Below is an example report generated by TestNG.
